Big bro, he's always so cool.
There's no one like him, not even close.
Tell us, Sai Itoshi, how does it feel being a soccer prodigy watched by the world?
So, what kind of player do you hope to become?
None of your business. Man, you're annoying.
Huh? Hey!
Come on, let's go home.
Okay.
Well, he already has the charisma of a superstar.
But why don't we move on?
Here's a recap of his stunning play from the game earlier.
Big bro's kind of funny, but he's really kind.
Hey, look, I won.
What's your say?
I don't know.
Oh.
Anyone who wastes their luck on stuff like this will never be number one.
Really? Is that how luck works?
I'm gonna become the best striker in the world.
Everything else is meaningless.
Oh, yeah?
Another thing, he really hates losing.
Two.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Pow.
Otherside! Otherside!
One, two, three.
He doesn't lose to anyone.
I wonder...
If maybe I could be like that.
Like my big bro.
Just as strong and cool.
Green.
Could I also be...
The best striker in the world?
Hey, who let the runt on the field?
It's okay.
Sorry, big bro.
I...
That was awesome.
Play soccer with me.
Huh?
I'll be the best,
but you can be the second strongest.
strongest.
Kay... it's like I said, he's the kindest big brother in the world.
Cristy cringes.
We gotta feel proud because he has an amazing voice.
!
I'm going to follow my heart
While choosing a route without love
Someone was looking down
Look, the flower is vividly
Drowning it into my eyes
The game you're trying to play
Like a burning flame
It's a ticket to the Manazashi
It's cheap and cheap
I'm already excited about the dojo
Your 401k has the charisma
I want to be protein
What do you think you're doing, Megadu?
I want to see some goals, mister!
You call yourself a striker? Please!
Oh, you'll have to forgive me.
My son is playing out there.
Really? Ours is too!
He's number 11. I'm Bluelock.
Really? They're teammates, then.
My son wears number 8.
Wow! No kidding!
It's nice to meet you.
I just want to thank you both
and everyone else who's involved in Bluelock.
It's just the expression on my son's face.
But look how happy he is out there on the field.
The pleasure's all ours.
Thank you for your support and care.
Yo, Ma!
Are you gonna wait back to us or what?
Yep, he definitely saw us, Mom.
Okay, I need to know who that cutie is.
My sister?
So not Bone. Why'd you keep her a secret?
Did somebody kill me?
No.
Got it.
There's that old smile of his.
Yeah.
Guess he's back to his old self at last.
There seems to be something you're not grasping.
This match is important.
Do you understand that?
Of course I do.
But contrary to our expectations,
the other team has been proving to be well inside.
Winners are always right
and losers are always wrong.
Remind me which side you're on.
Hui-chan, I don't care what you have to do.
We're supposed to be the face of Japanese soccer
and under no circumstances can we lose to those kids.
Results are everything in sports and you serve me excuses?
I want Blue Lock destroyed today.
Hell yeah!
We rule!
We've got this in the bag!
Did you say...
Glad.
My desperate super suave spinning goal-saving kick?
Move your leg!
Glad.
Good.
Amen.
Nice, Chris.
Oh.
Great.
Carry hard.
Named for your injury, uh...
My 자기.
We'll make it up.
Thanks.
Thank you.
No, I have to win.
сил 없어?
Half koyu went too low.
I was a little Remembering the down time last split.
I had to remember it.
I walked right out.
Can't It?
Initially, they didn't work.
Fortunately, Rin Itoshi provided the breakthrough we needed.
With the help of Yoichi Iisaki.
By playing closer than we'd practiced,
and having Yoichi Iisaki constantly by your side,
you drastically increased your options.
Enlighten us.
Why did you do that?
I couldn't get past their four-man defense.
I needed someone who could act as a sacrifice.
And Iisaki happened to fit the role perfectly.
A sacrifice, you say?
I like that answer.
It's not like something you discover on the training field.
Tell me, Yoichi Iisaki.
Do you see yourself as a sacrifice?
No.
I make my own goals.
Right.
That's how you should feel.
All eleven of you out on that field have egos.
Telling you you're playing the lead role.
And you have to keep fighting until the end.
That's what made the first half 2-1.
Be warned.
That doesn't mean the second half will play out the same way.
No.
I can guarantee it'll be different.
So stop celebrating because if you get carried away,
then you've already lost.
If you think you've achieved anything yet, you're delusional.
Don't be satisfied.
Keep on attacking.
And don't surrender the lead role until the curtains close and the performance is over.
That's all.
Our formation stays the same.
I only have one more instruction for you.
Be absolutely ruthless.
Ego's right.
We're in the lead.
But we're not playing so we can all win.
I need to keep battling for my own goals.
No matter what.
Just like Rin.
45 minutes left to prove myself.
And it's happening this game.
This is bad.
So bad.
I never imagined they would take the lead.
So what are we gonna do in the second half?
If only I could've just scored.
You've got great timing, genius.
We were in the middle of discussing strategy.
Our final attack in the first half almost popped off.
A few more guys on it, they won't know what hit them.
How about we ask to tweak the formation?
Huh?
You do whatever.
It's not my problem anymore.
Huh?
And what does that mean?
You guys are on your own.
Huh?
You're not making sense.
Without you, there is no game.
He's moisturizing?
I don't care.
Those are the terms of the bet set up by your captain over there.
What's he talking about, Aiku?
There's not a doubt in my mind that we can win without Shido.
I'm the one who's testing the U-20 team.
If you can't keep up with me, I'll drop out of the match.
You're nothing but a bunch of defective goods.
That's the reality.
I only came here in the first place because I was interested in Blue Lock.
They still have a long way to go, but as far as their vision, what they're aiming for, you're nothing alike.
Now that I know, I'm done here.
No point sticking around for the rest of the game.
Hold up, little genius.
Sorry, you guys.
I made a selfish bet.
I wanted to test this team, the skills we have now, and see where we stood, if they were enough.
But the truth is painfully clear now.
We're failures.
We're all weak!
At this rate, the U-20s will be taken over, and the ones who disappear will be us.
Yeah.
I've gotta admit, knowing that you're a good player, I'm not sure I can beat you.
I'm not sure I can beat you.
I've gotta admit, knowing that fact really stings, more than anything I've felt.
A little late to be having that revelation.
Without me, this sorry team has no chance of winning.
Really?
You sure about that?
We still have that devil.
Hey, genius.
Isn't having a perfect life form like me around a good enough reason for you to stay and fight?
Was that your play this entire time?
Go berserk, devil boy.
We're the headliners.
It's a double act.
You do realize, if you keep acting like my little brother, you can't surpass me, and never will.
Just watch you crap, brother.
I'm gonna make it.
My Dream for the Future by Dean.
I'm going to be a soccer player just like my big brother.
He'll be the best striker in the world.
And I'll be the second best, right behind him.
Together, we'll win the World Cup.
Man, those Itoshi brothers.
Couple of monsters.
Your shot's angle was off.
Too loose.
Really?
I'll be more careful.
Also, pick up the tempo.
Got it?
Sure.
I'll try.
It's fun playing soccer with my bro.
When he's around, I'm invincible.
The two of us are gonna be the best strikers ever.
All right!
I can't stop winning.
Where are you going, wasting your luck?
Sad.
I'll destroy the evidence.
Dean, what do you think about when you play soccer?
Huh?
Nothing, really.
I only focus on scoring, I guess.
If I run to a hot spot, I know you'll pass the ball to me.
And what are these hot spots?
Uh... places where the enemy panics and breaks down.
I'm not sure.
The only problem is that you rely on your instincts too much.
But you always pass to me, so what's the problem?
Besides, the other guys can't seem to cut it.
So what are you gonna do when I'm not around?
Just lose?
What choice do I have?
I'll find a replacement.
As if you could replace me.
Who do you think I am?
Ow!
Dude!
Yeah, whatever, oh great Sai Itoshi.
You're the best in the world.
You happy now?
Dean.
I'm going to be leaving for Spain tomorrow.
And joining the Academy.
Home of the world's top soccer club, Royale.
Why are you trying to sound all serious?
I know that.
You're going to be the best striker in the world, right?
I'm just making it there first, but you'd better catch up.
I want you to swear.
While I'm gone, you won't throw in the towel.
Swear.
My goal is to be the best in Japan.
So afterwards I can get scouted, same as you.
Good.
Then on to the world stage.
Brothers and the greatest strikers alive.
Honestly, I'm a little sad.
But I'll catch up to him.
Later.
Good luck, big bro.
Won't need it.
When I'm back, I'll be the best striker there is.
Next time I see him, I'll be better.
Someone he can fight with on the world stage.
Playing soccer without him.
It feels so confining and awkward.
Where's the ball, Rin?
I'm open, man.
Kick it my way.
I need to ascend to my brother's level.
Now that this team has lost him.
I'll make it the best in Japan.
And take his place.
So, Rin, you practicing late again?
Yeah.
It's freezing.
I'm heading home, Rin.
I'll be back in a bit.
Oh, it's snowing.
It's snowing.
The angle of that shot...
It's still off.
Hey, it's you!
Welcome back.
Yeah.
I'm home.
I see you in the news all the time.
Playing in Royale's Academy games.
All the goals you scored.
You're amazing out there.
There are people even more amazing than me.
I don't get it.
Where's this coming from?
I've updated my dream.
I will become the best midfielder in the world.
Are you kidding me?
I mean, being the number one midfielder?
the number one midfielder?
What's the point?
You're so naive.
Only someone who's never seen the world would say that.
What happened to you?
You said we'd fight together,
that I should be the second best player after you.
Right.
But this plan will work out better
since I can be the best midfielder
and you can be the best striker.
Shut up!
I'm the little brother of the world's best striker!
You came all the way back here
just to tell me something that stupid?
I don't want to see you when you're like this.
You...
You aren't the same brother I shared my dream with!
I finally understand.
We are half-baked.
You and me.
The both of us.
What are you talking about?
Here's the deal.
If you beat me one-on-one,
then I'll share that dream with you again.
But if I win this match,
it means our dream is over and you'll let it die.
No, wait.
You don't get to decide that.
I don't want to play.
Not with those stakes.
You ready,
Dean?
This is a one-shot match.
So fast.
He's on a different level than before.
Doesn't matter.
I won't let him go.
Now.
Come on.
Different.
Not even close.
There's no way he reaches 10,000 futures
if he gives us 100,000.
I thought we'd throw us at it.
Let's go.
Don't make a fool of yourself.
Don't be mad.
I have no confidence in my screening.
I wouldn't risk being your brother.
Yeah.
Xun Xun…
He even have his own back,
I'm in no position to argue with.
But guess what?
Have you learned nothing?
There, it's over.
Don't you understand?
After you left for Spain, I worked so hard.
I did it to become the best in Japan and get scouted like you!
So I could be your replacement.
I fought for the team and became the best in the country, like I promised I would.
And just like that, you say it's over?
If I can't chase my dream with you, then...
That means I've got no reason to play soccer anymore.
Okay, so quit.
Screw that best in Japan shit.
Screw that your replacement shit.
Just hearing it makes me wanna hurl.
Don't say it again and don't use me as an excuse to play soccer.
To me, you're nothing but a nuisance.
An annoying little brother following me around.
You're worthless. You have no value.
Get lost. I don't need you.
Not in the field or in my life.
Brother...
I'm done with soccer.
What's the point?
I only ever played to be near him.
But as far as he was concerned, I was just a trial horse helping him become the best in the world.
Now that he's done with me, I have no value.
The big bro I knew...
was fake.
A lie.
Brothers and the greatest strikers alive.
No. No. No, no, no!
Those feelings.
Those times we shared.
I can't pretend they didn't happen.
They weren't lies!
They'll pay for this.
I'm gonna kill him!
Hey Dean.
Second half's starting.
Okay.
To shatter Saiyutoshi's dream.
And that's why I play soccer.
It's easy.
It's to soothe himself.
The life of Saiy!
Say I'll be in support into the end...
Or piss you off.
It starts about recover him.
Mother...
We grow Notre Dames from V waking him up from a constant inevitable slump.
I think his soul needs to run.
A personal superhero like him.
We're not looking for money.
I don't want to die.
What interests me far more is why he wanted a player like that when even we couldn't tame him.
Let's see what Sai Itoshi's idea of an egoist is.
Get ready. This is where the match truly begins.
This is where the match truly begins.
Have a good day, okay, bro?
When he eats curry and rice, he always starts from the middle.
Try where they meet. It's like the Battle of Sekigahara. That's where it tastes the best.
Sekigahara's yummy.
On rainy days, he doodles on a Sunny doll.
Hurry up and make it sunny, you loser!
Ugh, this sucks. Can't play soccer. It's your fault!
Sunny doll? More like rainy doll!
Take this!
When there's a rainbow, he plays with me.
No, that's not it, Rin. Now move to the right. Down. And yeah, stop there. Ready?
Almost, but not quite. It's just total garbage.
It's garbage, it's garbage, it's super total garbage!
Hey, be more careful. Watch your footwork.
Okay.
I'll show that jerk!
What the hell, little brats!?
He's real mad.
It's time to go, Rin!
If he catches us, we're dead!
Get back here! That was dangerous, you idiots!
Yeah, right! Save your breath! We're long gone, you ugly old geezer!
Old geezer!
Run faster!
Playing with my brother...
Right!
...is always fun.